// stolen from https://www.monster.com/career-advice/article/paralegal-resume-sample

Ryan Fordham
Sometown, CT 55555 | 555-555-5555 | rf@somedomain.com | LinkedIn URL

Certified Paralegal Specializing in Family Law

Experienced paralegal with a strong command of family law in the state of Connecticut. Handle cases such as divorce, custody, adoption and related family law matters.

Diligent and resourceful in conducting legal research and case investigations; trustworthy in handling confidential information; and articulate in preparing persuasive legal arguments, motions and agreements.

Knowledge of family law rules of procedure, mandatory disclosure requirements, preparation of pleadings, correspondence and e-filing.

Technically skilled; use ProDoc, Abacus Next, Westlaw, LexisNexis, eLaw, PACER, STAC and MS Office.

Legal Skills

Family Law Proceedings

E-filing / Records Management

Legal Research

Discovery Packages

Legal Document Preparation 

Case Management

Trial Preparation

Court Calendaring

Motions, Contracts & Agreements

Client Interviews

Billing & Collections

Office & Court Procedures 

Professional Experience

ABC LAW FIRM (Sometown, CT)  |  Paralegal, 2009 to Present

Provide legal, trial and administrative support for team of 12 attorneys and 3 senior partners within busy family law practice. Manage paralegal activities as well as office/HR functions such as scheduling and billing.

Legal Support: Achieved in-demand status amongst paralegal colleagues; often personally requested by senior partners to manage complex, deadline-intensive matters.

Document Preparation: Assisted attorneys in the timely drafting and filing of legal documents and correspondence supporting case preparation for court appearances, hearings, depositions, trials and meetings.

Billing & Invoicing: Collaborated with office manager to standardize billing practices. Commended for efforts that contributed to a 15% increase in profitability in FY2016.

Collections: Reduced aged receivables from $95K to $5.4K. Revamped accounts receivables procedures, created spreadsheets to enhance tracking of monies owed and followed up on open accounts.

 

DEF LAW FIRM (Sometown, CT)  |  Paralegal, 2007 to 2009

Prepared pleadings, exhibits, motions, judgments, court orders, inventories and discovery for a premier family law firm in Sometown. Interfaced with clients, legal teams, opposing counsel and court officers.

Caseload Management: Excelled within a fast-paced law firm; assessed and prioritized competing demands to provide the highest quality of legal representation to clients.

Office Reorganization: Overhauled file system; made reception area more inviting and child-friendly; and created document templates. Enhanced records organization, elevated efficiency and improved service levels.

 

EARLY CAREER: Held secretary and administrative assistant positions at GHI Co and JKL Co, 2000 to 2007.

Education

Degree:

Associate of Arts (AA) in Paralegal Studies  |  XYZ College (Sometown, CT)   

Certification:

Certified Paralegal (CP)  |  National Association of Legal Assistants (NALA)